Class examples - exercises
SELECTORS

With the given html (jq_ex1.html)
Get all the “p” tags
Get the tag with id “todo-list”
Get all the "p" elements and all the "li" with class "b"
Get all the tags
Get the brothers of the element "p" just after the "ul"
Get all the tags inside a “ul” with class “b”
Get the element “p” just after de “ul”
BASIC FILTERS

2.- With the given html (jq_ex1.html)

Get the first “p” element.
Get all the elements after the index 1
Get the last “p” element.
Get all the paragraphs but the one in the position 2.
Get the pair “p” elements.
Get the first element with “a” class.
Get the odd elements with “b” class.
ADVANCED FILTERS

3.- With the given html (jq_ex2.html)

Select all the paragraphs with the class attribute
Select all the paragraphs that contains at least a child
Select all the paragraphs with the id "paragraph1"
Select all the paragraphs containing "luigi"
Select all the paragraphs with the id beginning with "para"
Select all the paragraphs with the id beginning with "para" and with the align attribute containing "center"
Select all the visible ul
Select the li being the second element of an ul.
Select all the ul that contain a li with the class "a".
Select the li being the last element of an ul.

UNIT 1 - SUMMARY

4.- Repeat the exercise 5 of JavaScript using only jQuery functions.
5.- Access to lab.selectors.html and try differents selectors and filters.

MANIPULATING CONTENT

6.- With the given html (jq_ex6.html)

Change all the li content by "Batman rules"
Modify the a link to visit the Batman wikipedia page.
Assign an alt attribute to the img.
Modify the source and the alt of the img at once.
Remove the alt attribute.

7.- With the given html (jq_ex7.html)

Add "Black Widow" at the end of the li.
Add "Red Widow" at the beginning of the li.
Move the first element of the li after Captain America
Add the page title (h1) to the first li.
Add a new li with your own avenger before Thor.

8.- With the given html (jq_ex8.html), move all the buttons before the first paragraph.

9.- With the given html (jq_ex9.html):

Wrap all the p elements in a div with red border
Wrap each p element in a div with blue border.
Replace the first hero by another hero
Replace the first p by the li with class avengers.

10 - Modify the exercise 4 to open a the link in a new window.

11 - Using jq_ex8.html, create a new paragraph having the content equal to the union of the two paragraphs
and put it right after the div itself.

12 - Create a script that replace all the images containing the alt attribute by span elements with its values.

13.- in jq_ex9.html:
Clone the ironman element and add it at the end. Use only one instruction.
Modify the styles of the first p adding a border and some color in its background.
Remove the first li
Remove all the content in .avengers class and add new content (without using replace)

14.- Search how the dimension functions work and apply it in one of your webpages.
width(), height(),innerHeight(), innerWidth(),offset(),position()…

15.- Using a form (you can use the one in the lab_selector or crete your own).
Use a function to get the value of one of the element.
Use a function to set a value in a element
User a function to set multiple values at once.
If we need to get all the values from the check boxes. How can we do it?

16.- Create a div (200x200 and with some content) with the following functions:
Change the style when the mouse is over and when the mouse is out
When you click on it, remove the function number one and change the content of the div.

17.- Add two options to a drop-down list using jQuery.

18.- When you select one of the options, create a new drop-down menu with values

19- Change the button text when you click on it.

20.- Fill a html dynamically using PHP and jQuery.

21- You are going to create a hint in a input text. To do that, you need a label and an input text (created in html).
Set the value of the input equal to the value of the label.
Add the class hint to the input
Remove the label element
Link a focus event in the input to remove the hint text and the class hint.
Link a blur event in the input to restore the hint text and the hint class only if the user has no entered any text.
