1.- Open a new Window, get the focus and move it to the coordenates 500,1.


2.- Show a confirm dialog and show with a delay of 2 seconds (setTimeout function), show an alert with the selection done by the user.


3.- Create an html with 2 buttons.
First button will open a window with height=100 and weight=100 and will change the window color to red.
Second button will resize that window to height=250 and weight=250 and get the focus.

First button will open a window with height=100 and weight=100 and will change the window color to red.

Second button will resize that window to height=250 and weight=250 and get the focus.

4.- Create an html with 3 images and 4 buttons with the following functions:
---Scroll to first image
---Scroll to second image
---Scroll to third image
---Shuffle images

5.- From the given web page, using DOM functions, write in the html the following information:
Number of links in the HTML.
URL of the penultimate link.
Number of linkt to  http://prueba
Number of links in the third paragraph.

6- No homepage is safe from the logo hacking!
Open up www.google.com in Chrome or Firefox, and open up the console.
Find the Google logo and store it in a variable.
Modify the source of the logo IMG so that it's a Yahoo logo instead.
Find the Google search button and store it in a variable.
Modify the text of the button so that it says "Yahooo!" instead.
7.- From the given HTML (128.1.32.100/juanra)

Add a script tag to the bottom.
Change the body style so it has a font-family of "Arial, sans-serif".
Replace each of the spans (nickname, favorites, hometown) with your own information.
Iterate through each li and change the class to "listitem". Add a style tag that sets a rule for "listitem" to make the color red.
Create a new img element and set its src attribute to a picture of you. Append that element to the page.
8.- Keep track of which books you read and which books you want to read!

Create a webpage with an h1 of "My Book List".
Add a script tag to the bottom of the page, where all your JS will go.
Copy the array of books from the previous exercise.
Iterate through the array of books. For each book, create a p element with the book title and author and append it to the page.
Bonus: Use a ul and li to display the books.
Bonus: add a property to each book with the URL of the book cover, and add an img element for each book on the page.
Bonus: Change the style of the book depending on whether you have read it or not.
